Add `cache: "bounded"` and `persistedQueries: false` to default Apollo Server config (#7888)
keystonejs/keystone: .changeset/many-bulldogs-scream.md

---
'@keystone-6/core': major
---

> Adds `cache: "bounded"` and `persistedQueries: false` to default Apollo Server config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes default Apollo Server configuration to use `cache: "bounded"` and `persistedQueries: false`
```
